ladies and gentlemen welcome back to
another episode of the scrotal
experiments it is great to have you here
today so you know we're still in from
the depths doing some experiments tried
some things out and and the other day I
was talking talking to somebody and they
mentioned that it's possible to build a
self-replicating drone ship or or
anything really it's possible to build a
craft in from the depths that can spawn
another craft that can spawn another
craft add infinium it just goes on
forever and I thought that sounds
amazing i want to do that and so i did
just that i want to show you guys what i
did and what it looks like just so you
can see how insane this gets it's so
cool it's such a neat little thing so i
built a a small little craft here let's
get rid of some of this starting stuff
okay let me load this in I built a small
craft it's called the twizz mk1 let me
show you what this does or let's take a
look at it so it's a self spawning drone
ship it is sixty seven blocks has a
large missile on the front it's got jet
engines on the back and here's what it
does it has a blueprint spawner that's
going to attempt to spawn itself a
maximum of ten times and we have an AC
be in place that activates every 20
seconds to construct do the
constructible spawners to spawn the
default vehicle which is the twist so
you can see it right now it's already
building another copy of itself we've
got ambo barrels we've got repairers on
here we've got all sorts of stuff and so
here it is you'll see what happens here
I built it in such a way that when it's
done repairing it should be facing the
opposite direction and it should just
launched right out the back when it's
done so watch here it's probably almost
done here there goes so there there's
one launched and now you know once 20
seconds is up he'll start building one
and now the other one is going to start
building one and here's what we're going
to do let's go and get the interface off
let's spawn a let's get the classic
Marauder in fact let's get a couple
Marauders okay and I think what we're
going to do is I'm just going to be
quiet and we're gonna do like some fast
motion and we're just going to watch as
these guys replicate themselves
and we're gonna see how crazy it gets so
you guys sit sit tight grab yourself a
drink and enjoy the show here we go
you
so as you can see they replicate fast
and efficiently and on top of that they
continuously shoot their missiles which
is awesome like as they were spawning
stuff they were all healing each other
they were all shooting their missiles
unfortunately it looks like we got up to
around 130 drones that had spawned I
don't know if you're able to catch that
in the menus that I was opening but yeah
I round 130 drone spawned and by that
point you know we were we were probably
we'd probably lost around 15 FPS already
but the Marauders you know that we have
spotted we're taking a beating so yeah
this is a really cool concept you could
even add limitations to this like you
know make a separate blueprint that
doesn't replicate itself and have like
five or six ships that can all spawn
maybe five or ten so you have a fleet of
50 and as long as your main like five
ships aren't hurt well you know you'll
have your own little self-replicating
army like even during battle and stuff
really cool concept and something we may
play around with in the campaign so you
know and if any of you guys have played
around with this concept before and have
a really good idea for definitely let me
know I'm all about it would like to hear
about it and you know just different
uses that you could find for this could
be pretty awesome so you can see ya look
we've already got another one flying
around with their both spotting one now
now there's yeah so we're about to have
four happens quick so yeah I hope you
all enjoyed this little scrub
experiments you know we just wanted to
see what what's all the ruckus about to
self rep replicating drone ships well
they're pretty dang sweet that's what's
all about it something very fun to play
around with I highly suggest you give it
a whirl if you've got the game so until
next time I hope you guys have a great
one take it easy and stay classy